h-l integrations: apply sentence-style caps in categories (#29903)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/jellyfin.markdown

ha_integration_type: service
---

The Jellyfin integration exposes a [Jellyfin](https://jellyfin.org/) server as a media source in Home Assistant.

> Support is currently limited to music, movie and tvshow libraries only. Other libraries will not appear in the media browser. This integration has been tested with Jellyfin server version 10.6.4 and later.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Support is currently limited to music, movie and TV show libraries only. Other libraries will not appear in the media browser. This integration has been tested with Jellyfin server version 10.6.4 and later.
```
